# Contents of This Folder. 

This folder contains samples of code written to solve mathematical problems or visualise data. Below is a description of each of the files and their contents. 

## Random Walks

3DRandomWalk.ipynb is a Jupyter notebook containing python code that generates and plots a random walk in three dimensions. 

## Non Linear Regression

Bayesian_Non_Linear_regression is a jupyter notebook containing python code that applies Bayesian Inferrence to perform a non-linear regression. 

## Plotting Data

CellCycleProgressionChanges.ipynb is a jupyter notebook containing python code to read a .csv file containing data on cell samples which have been irradiated. The data details their progression through the cell cycle showing the average percentage of cells in each phase (G1, S and G2) with associated error bars. 

## Webscraping and Plotting

Covid_Webscrape.py is a python code that scrapes web data and uses it to plot total covid cases in the UK to date.

Covid_Webscrape_Output_Plot.png is an image of the output generated by Covid_Webscrape.py

## Fitting Curves

Curve Fitting.ipynb is a Jupyter notebook with some python illustrtions of curve fitting data. 

## More Data Visualisation

DNA_Damage_Induction.ipynb is a Jupyter notebook containing python code to pull .csv data containing counts of the numbers of DNA damage sites (foci) in each sample. This has been plotted as a collection of box plots with outliers, means and medians plotted. T-tests have also been performed and documented on the plot. 

## Visualising Mathematical Sets

Julia_Set_Movie.py is a python code which plots julia sets and compiles the resultant images into a .gif.

Julia_Set_Movie_Outout_Gif.gif is a .gif file output by the Julia_Set_Movie.py code. 

## Monte Carlo Methods

MonteCarloIntegration.ipynb is a code that calculates the area under the curve generated by a function f(x)=ln(x)/x between two boundaries. The result is presented in a plot generated using matplotlib.

## Solving Maths Problems and Developing a GUI

Quadratic_Equation_Solver_GUI.py is a python code constructing a GUI for a quadratic equation solver. 

Quadratic_Solver_Gui.png is an image of the GUI. 
